Dr lugna is preparing her supplies a
displaced doctor from the North she set
up this small makeshift clinic in there
in central
Gaza she started trying to help babies
and a pregnant and feeding
mothers resources very limited very
minimal when I started this tent there
was some stock at most of thees namely
syrups for children now we are totally
out of these medications specifically
for treating coughs or supplements for
malnutrition because of the need Dr LNA
expanded to adults and the elderly and
she began to take the health care to her
patients going with her is Nurse n
Basher many of the patients cannot even
walk this initiative is meant to reduce
the burden on their shoulders so we go
to them in their tense it's so um across
Gaza 34s of all Primary Healthcare clcs
have closed down and even in centers
that are open it is hard to find a
doctor medical centers and hospitals are
flooded with patients people wait and
long cues before they receive any
medical
service many cases that Dr LNA and N See
are caused by malnutrition and a lack of
access to what would normally be
standard medical care This Woman's
daughter gave birth more than two weeks
ago and had to have several operations
for more than 20 days my daughter's been
very ill I'm also suffering about 18
days ago I was hit by a bullet while I
was inside the tent was it removed yes
thank God I was operated on and the
bullet was removed and all the medical
services they offer here is a free paid
for out of Dr lna's pocket Palestinian
doctors setting up a free clinic is a
vital and compassionate response to the
severe healthy Cris across the Gaza
Strip these initiatives are quite
essential for providing much needed
medical care for a population already in
dire needy due to the blockade the
current genocide and economic
Suffocation this is Han Mahmud from De
balah City in the central area of the
Gaza Strip
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer